Reduce GitLab update churn (#4345) (#4380)
DataBiosphere/azul: OPERATOR.rst

Upgrading GitLab
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Operators must check for updates to GitLab on a monthly basis in addition to
triaging GitLab security releases that occur during the month. An email

> notification is send to ``azul-group@ucsc.edu`` when a GitLab security release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
notification is sent to ``azul-group@ucsc.edu`` when a GitLab security release
```

is available. Discuss with the lead the **Table of Fixes** referenced in the

> release blog post to determine the urgency of the update. When updating, compare
> the current version of GitLab found at the ``/help`` endpoint for `GitLab dev`_
> to the available releases for the `GitLab Docker image`_. When updating the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
release blog post to determine the urgency of the update.
The current version of GitLab installed can be found on the ``/help`` endpoint of `GitLab dev`_,
and the available releases can be found on the `GitLab Docker image`_ page. When updating the
```

Upgrading GitLab
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Operators must check for updates to GitLab on a monthly basis in addition to
triaging GitLab security releases that occur during the month. An email

> notification is send to ``azul-group@ucsc .edu`` when a GitLab security release

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
notification is send to ``azul-group@ucsc.edu`` when a GitLab security release
```

> is available, discuss the **Table of Fixes** referenced in the release blog post
> with lead to determine the urgency of the update. When updating, compare the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
is available. Discuss with the lead the **Table of Fixes** referenced in the release blog post
to determine the urgency of the update. When updating, compare the
```
